the Navy just like anyplace else. Eyes full of people with lots of different
ideas. And, um, some people want to do it way the other people
want to do it way be. And of course, you're gonna have some dissension.
Um, I guess we we call it politics, you know, And politics is
everywhere. For the most part, it's just like anyplace else. If you've
been through high school, then you know exactly what I'm talking
about. But it's revved up a little bit more here because, um, people's
salaries are on the lines. People's day to day activities are on
lines. Um, you could get fired for certain things. Um, if your gun decking,
for instance, you can you can actually go to jail. So there
There are a lot of a lot of reasons that the interaction between people
can get in the way of actually just doing your job. And that's one
of the things that chiefs actually have toe after mitigate